# portfolio_analyzer
# Project Title-Going Green: Change the World, Grow Your Portfolio

# Overview: We will create a portfolio analyzer that focuses on Green asset classes. Currently, we are considering green auto, green energy, green building, and green agricultural companies; although, the application will be set so that additions/substitutions of stocks will be done with relative ease. The portfolio analyzer will focus on delivering the most relevant information to the professional analyst, while comparing all results to a S&P 500 index fund for comparison against the overall market. Features of the program includes connecting to the ALPACA API and creating easy-to-read dataframes of all portfolios, then breaking the portfolios down so that each stock can be assessed individually. We will then use Monte Carlo simulations to assess the expected performance of the overall portfolio, again with a design that allows the analyst to easily change the weights of each stock within the portfolio to find the maximum return. In the future, we hope to design a more user-friendly interface for the analyst, which will allow the analyst to work from a CLI without having to directly interface with the portfolio analyzer code. Eventually, we would like to enable the portfolio managers to directly contact investors via an online format, and to collect a commision whenever such relationships are developed. 

# Usage/Installation: Currently, we are working only with the portfolio analyzer. It must be pulled alongside MCSIMULUATION.py to properly run the Monte Carlo simulations. Once run, the program will save a number of relevat graphs to the folder from which the application is run. While the program is currently set to run 4 predetermined portfolios, the program has been designed that the stock choices and weights for the MC simulations can be altered with relative ease by the user. Again, the overall goal will be to create a user-friendly interface for the analyist to interact with, so as to avoid any unnecessary alterations to the code that could affect the overall running of the program.

# Summary: After running the portfolio analyzer through multiple iterations, it is clear that there is emmense opportunity within the green sector to generate above average returns, while still providing options as to risk tolerance and overall time invested. Additionally, recent limitations to the ALPACA API software have significantly inhibited the amount of data that can currently be collected without having to pay for additional services. If given more time, the API should be change, and the code has been set to accomodate multiple timeframes once more data is collected. While the program was an overall success, it is our hope that given more time we could focus on the user-interface, as well as allow the code to be more easily altered to deliver quick user feedback when changing aspects of a portfolio. 